Familiarity with either React.JS, C#, SQL Server, HTML, or Javascript/Typescript
Exposure to Microsoft Visual Studio (.NET or later versions)
Experience with source control tools (i.e git or TFS)
Exposure to agile development and processes
Agile development and process
Bootstrap 2.0 and/or 3.0
RESTful services (especially Web API)
Cloud Platforms (i.e Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform)
Unit Testing and test-driven development
Continuous integration (Team Foundation Services, Jenkins, Team City, etc…)
Strong knowledge of .NET 4.0+, C#, ASP.NET MVC, Web Services, SQL Server (DB design and architecture, stored procedures, basic TSQL queries), Javascript, HTML5, CSS, and React.JS (huge plus)
Strong knowledte in equities, trading technologies and expertise in Financial Information eXchange (FIX) Protocal, UNIX, Java or C++, and Python scripting language.
Our development platforms include Windows, .NET, Linux, iOS, and Android.
Knowledge of computer development software as it relates to systems, such as SQL, VisualBasic, etc. Provide IT Software Engineering for Key Law Systems
3+ years of QA experience
Hands-on with experience developing automated test code; white box testing (e.g. Java, Go, Python)
Deep knowledge of automation at all software layers (e.g. UI, services, APIs, etc.) and CI/CD technologies (e.g. Jenkins, GitHub, Maven etc.).
Knowledge of JIRA and Jenkins.
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices
Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture
Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages- Python
Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement
4 years’ experience working in UNIX, SQL, Spark Software, Python and Scala
Understanding of architecting, designing, and Integrating solutions in a large-scale enterprise of highly distributed applications
Good to have AWS/Cloud certifications and knowledge of AWS/Cloud Data, Analytics, ML services
